# Untitled-Duck-Game
CMP208 GEF and box2d assignment. A simple duck shooter game in 3D space, written in Abertay's engine using box2D for physics.

This game was created in VS using Abertay’s GEF library and the Box2D physics engine. In the game the player is a little duck in a pond, being attacked by enemies that spawn on four edges of the map. To kill them, the player must shoot them with little bullets. The goal is to survive for as long as possible with the three lives the player is given. When the player dies their score is displayed on an end screen and they have the option to play the game again which sends them back to the main menu to so they can reset the settings if they choose.

The player can use the settings/options menu before playing to toggle between an easy and hard mode. When in easy, there are around thirty enemies in the platform at once and they travel towards the player relatively slowly. In hard mode, the enemies travel faster towards the player and there are around fifty enemies that spawn in. The player movement is controlled using the WASD keys, and the arrow keys are used to shoot in the respective directions. When players collide with an enemy they lose a life. Music plays in the background throughout all states to quit and sound effects are played when the player is hit by an enemy, when the enemy is hit by a bullet and when a bullet hits an enemy or the border wall. The menu, settings and game over menus are fully intractable with the keyboard.
